AFM User Journey / Onboarding

Notes: 
Onboarding isn’t just about showing off your product and its features—it’s about getting them to the result they care about.
Who are they?
What do they care about? 
What’s our strategy to get them to a result? 
Show people the outcome of the digital content that they’re getting - making it easy enough to get to the product activation 
“Retrieve it” 
Make this one page seem like you’re unlocking a super power 


Phrases: 
Scan to activate your shoe’s super powers
Your product has super powers… download the app in order to access them
Keep a digital inventory of your greatest treasures
Find others in your community
Truly own your collectibles

Swapnice Menu Items: 
Inventory
Personas
Profile
Listings
Transactions
Swap Wallet
Products
Swapp Store
Documents
Account Sign Out
Theme 

Goals: 
User to authenticate the shoes 
User to access pilot video 

Users who own the shoes: 
Scan onboarding QR code 
Go to AFM & Swapnice landing page for more info
Steps: 
Download App
Two buttons
Create profile
Scan product to authenticate
Click on the Swapnice heart (show logo here) in the middle
Tap your product 
Item will automatically be saved to your Inventory
Enter the AFM portal to access exclusive content 
On the Switem, click Swapps at the top and then click on AFM
(Update steps after Conrad has completed app design)

Users who don’t own the shoes: 
Goals: 
Collect their emails 
Steps: 
Scan onboarding QR code 
Go to AFM & Swapnice landing page to get people excited to sign up for list serv so they can get access to the next product drop 
“If you want products with super powers in the future… be the first to know. Sign up here.” 
“You’re not quite eligible to join the our community yet, but sign up here and we’ll let you know your next opportunity to be a part of this”
Form Page - render in a dialog pop up 
Name
Email 
Phone Number (optional)
Social Media Handle? 

Landing Page: 
ART 
EXCITEMENT 
VIBES
Teaser - Video/Animation (doesn’t need to click play to start showing video) - show AFM pilot clips 
Two phone screens: 
Switem Authentication
Swapp - Video Clip
Top of page: Animation / Noisy / Excitement / Art 
“Activate your shoe’s super powers… download Swapnice app to gain access to it”
Middle - Download app buttons with flying AFM or bouncing AFM
Bottom - Instructions - include button for download the app 
Vibes - “Make people feel like they’re accessing an ultra secret portal” 



Action Items: 
Create 2 separate landing pages 
Create 2 different QR codes
Founders Club: 
Be a part of the founder’s club
Give them a badge for being one of the founding members for AFM x Swapnice 


